---
layout: post
title:  "ramblings about keyboards and emacs"
date:   2014-06-20 
categories: ramblings
---

This is a test of my typing abilities to see if I can successfully type a bunch of thoughts and not slow down or get encumbered by my writing tool--in my case the keyboard. My keyboard is connected to my laptop computer. They keys are small little chiclets, the kind Apple likes so much. I like Apple's keyboards--I've been using them for years now, but I'd like to try a quiet mechanical keyboard. The problem with making the switch is that I'm not sure I'll like a mechanical keyboard and they're expensive--nothing to mess around with (money-wise that is). I guess I could order one with the plan of returning it if it doesn't positively compare to my little Apple chiclet board, but I've always been bad about returning things--even when they're expensive. Sometimes--out of sheer laziness--I'll purchase something greater than or equal to $100, never use it, and never return it! I'm not proud of this fact--it's certainly wasteful. 

I finally enabled a package or setting or something in emacs that persists my M-x history in between sessions--I think it's called session.el? In any case, it's kind of nice seeing my command history when I hit M-x, but not as useful as I thought it would be. I'm pretty sure this is a case of the grass always being greener on the other side. In this case, I couldn’t get it working, so it seemed like an awesome feature I just had to have. Turns out it's a bit of a novelty, not much more.

My wifi can't settle down. I wonder what the hell's going on with it. Here, I'll try and fix it really quick. Ok, I turned wifi off and now I'm going to turn it back on--If it actually turned off the first time, which doesn't seem to be the case...Ok, trying to connect to megaslurp-5. If that doesn't work, I'll try megaslurp. Hmm, megaslurp isn't even on the list. That's usually a sign that my internet is down and I'll have to wait for Charter to do something about it. Suckers. One handy little emacs keybinding I thing most people could benefit from is 'subword-capitalize.' This is such a simple sort of function, the kind I didn't think I'd ever really want to use--I mean who gives a shit a capitalization anyways?--but in reality a lot of people care about capping properly. I rember Doug telling me I should work on my capitalization in my first pull request at shortstack.
